---
title: About
layout: post
post-image: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kevacasiete/test4/main/assets/images/ab.png"
description: The German research community in the area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) is highly lively and manifold. 

---

The German research community in the area of Human-Computer Interaction (HCI) is highly lively and manifold. The German HCI provides a platform for fascinating research, the aspirating labs, and the exciting events of this community. Our roots lie in the organization of the German HCI events at the ACM CHI conference, where we invite attendees to join us for discussing and exchanging the latest of HCI research in a relaxed atmosphere. In addition, we also started to support further community events within the German HCI community.

Currently, we are looking into ways how to grow and organize this PhD-led platform in the future. If you have any suggestions, feedback, thoughts, or want to join please let us know!
## Team
The German HCI is a community effort, driven by a dynamic and always-changing team of PhD students from different research labs. Please check out our various event pages to see who deserves the credit for organizing these!
In the following, we have listed currently active people that you can reach out to if you have any questions as well as former members that notably influenced and shaped the German HCI.

## Current Contact Persons
- Sarah Prange (Bundeswehr University Munich)
- Johannes Zagermann (University of Konstanz)
- Anke Reinschlüssel (University of Bremen)
- Donald Degraen (DFKI, Saarland University)
- Heiko Müller (OFFIS – Institute for IT, Oldenburg)

## Honorable Mentions & Alumni
- Christina Schneegass (LMU München), 2017-2020
- Teresa Hirzle (Ulm University), 2018-2020
- Thijs Roumen (Hasso Plattner Institute, Potsdam), 2017-2019
- Tom Horak (Technische Universität Dresden), 201X-2021

## Contact
We are more than happy to get in contact with you! Please do not hesitate to send us an email to:
contact@germanhci.de
If you’re interested in our research, you can get directly in contact with the authors of the publications or the labs in general. Also, you can check out our social media accounts on Twitter and YouTube.
