---
title: Friends
layout: post
post-image: "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Kevacasiete/test4/main/assets/images/friends.jpg"
description: The German HCI is just one of the many efforts put out by the German research community. Here, we want to mention our friends and partners.
---
The German HCI is just one of the many efforts put out by the German research community. Here, we want to mention our friends and partners.

If you have an interesting event or community related to HCI in Germany, we are happy to get in touch and see how we can mutually benefit from each other. Simply send an email to contact@germanhci.de or check out our About page.
Currently, we are looking into ways how to grow and organize this PhD-led platform in the future. If you have any suggestions, feedback, thoughts, or want to join please let us know!


## Labs & Universities
The German HCI is foremost a joint adventure by multiple labs from German universities. We want to thank them for all their contributions! The list of supporting labs from each year can be found at the respective editions; the involved labs of the current edition are listed in detail on this years page.

## German ACM SIGCHI Chapter
The German ACM SIGCHI Chapter also aims at increasing the international
visibility of the German HCI-Community by supporting HCI-related events organized in Germany. The chapter can help by promoting such events on its website www.sigchi.de and in ACMs local activities calendar as well as by providing access to the ACM Distinguished Speakers Program.

Everyone can sign-up for free by sending an Email containing the ACM member number (not mandatory), email-Address, name and affiliation to the current chair (andreas.riener@thi.de) or any other officers of the SIGCHI German Chapter.

## GI – German Informatics Society
The “Gesellschaft für Informatik” (GI, German Informatics Society) is with about 20,000 personal and 250 corporate members the largest and most important professional society for computer science in the German-speaking area. Since 1969 it has represented the interests of computer scientists in science, economy, public administration, society and politics.

With 14 departments, more than 30 active regional groups and countless specialist groups, the GI is the platform and mouthpiece for all disciplines in computer science. More information can be found at https://gi.de/.
